Add v1.5.2 release notes (#58)
harvester/release-notes: v1.5.2.md

- [backport v1.5] [BUG] Sharemanager is being terminated even if there are pods using its RWX volume [#8880](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8880)
- [backport v1.5] [BUG] Upgrade v1.4.2 --> v1.5.1 stuck Post-draining when node disks use multipathing (mpath) [#8840](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8840)
- [backport v1.5] [BUG][UI] Unable to import harvester into Rancher if ui extension is in lower version [#8828](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8828)
- [backport v1.5] [BUG] or RFE Harvester/kubevirt and high mem gpus with a 32 bit BAR memory slot [#8757](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8757)
- [backport v1.5] [BUG] Guest VMs booting in EFI mode are no longer able to PXE boot after Harvester v1.5.0 [#8752](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8752)
- [backport v1.5] [BUG] crash in upgrade version syncer [#8658](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8658)
- [BUG] VM live migration failed immediately with a "migrate_disks_detect_zeroes parameter unsupported" error [#8471](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8471)

## Known Issues

> Please check [the page](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues?q=is:issue%20label:known-issue-v1.5.2) for an updated v1.5.2 known issue list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section only includes issues that were identified before the release date. For information about all issues associated with v1.5.2, see [this page](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues?q=is:issue%20label:known-issue-v1.5.2).
```
